It's 9:00 a.m. in Shanghai Shenzhen
[music] and here in Hong Kong, you're
watching the China show. I'm Y Ivon Man
and I'm April Hong in Singapore. [music]
We're counting down to the open of
British China markets. Our top stories,
oil extending gains and stocks falling
as efforts [music] to end the Iran
conflict remain deadlocked. War driven
inflation fears also fueling a global
bond sell-off. The White House [music]
says China has agreed to spend billions
on US farm products, but is silent on
Beijing's [music] announcement that both
sides will cut tariffs. Also ahead,
China's monthly activity data [music]
due soon, expected to show sluggish
consumption, highlighting an uneven
economic recovery.
Plus, Chinese [music] tech in the
spotlight. We speak to top executives
from autonomous driving company Zeos
[music] Tech and robotics firm Robot
Phoenix, which debuts in Hong Kong this
hour.
[music]
Well, April, it seems like we've come
off this weekend here on the back foot
after [music] what we had, right? This
Trump summit that has been wrapped up
here. The pomp and circumstance is
basically uh in the back rearview mirror
now and we're back to sort of the
reality that where we started off with
right when it comes to oil prices once
again. We're back above 110 for Brent.
The straight of horm still remains shut
at this point and once again those
inflation fears are coming back in a big
way.
Yeah, that's certainly what's been
driving markets in the past two
sessions. I mean, no breakthrough on the
reopening of the straight. The US and
Iran also seem really far apart now on
any deal. So, take a look at how we are
fairing on the Monday session after the
bond market last week really was the one
that showed those inflation concerns the
most pronounced. You're looking at the
10-year yield in the US. I think the
highest in a year as these Fed rate cuts
keep getting priced out. You're talking
about rate hikes now perhaps for the
month of December. We heard from Jeffrey
Gunlock, right, that there's no way that
the Fed can cut rates. Brent is sitting
above 110. We are also seeing stocks
finally getting the memo on inflation
after the S&P 500's worst session uh
since late March, I believe it was.
We're looking at futures pointing the
yet further declines in a week where
we're getting Nvidia earnings. The
dollar continues its ascent. Take a look
at how this is affecting the rest of
Asia. Certainly the AI rallies momentum
for the board has been derailed a fair
bit tracking the losses on Wall Street.
And this is also coming at the time
where some of these chip makers have
stories of their own to contend with.
You think about Samsung for example,
it's continuing to meet with the labor
union today and the expectations are
high or the worries are that there's a
bit of a strike risk. Does that continue
affecting supplies? Taking a look at
what we're seeing in Japan as well, the
declines on that market are not as bad.
Some of it is earnings related. But keep
in mind this is coming against the
backdrop of the March higher in these
Japan yields on the 10-year. We saw that
steep steep move on Friday and that's
continuing through almost seven, eight
basis points on the 10-year today as
well. at a time where these yield spikes
in Japan have not been friendly for
Japanese stocks. Let's take a look at
how inflation has been playing out in
China. Of course, this is interesting as
a market that's seeing the 10-year yield
still. Uh we're lower a little bit
compared to where we were pre-Iran war.
And this is of course coming against the
backdrop of those worries. Is reflation
really coming through in China? Dollar
China, you're sitting above the 68
handle as well. Uh we're watching some
of those chip makers as well in the
session. Ivonne,
>> yeah, the stock seems to fall about 4%
on Friday here. I think it's one of the
biggest moves we've seen since March. So
certainly that is setting some tail
risks here when it comes to the chip
sector. You already seen Taiwan is lower
here this morning. And again, as you
mentioned, traders are now pricing in
that rate hike from the Fed uh for March
of next year. That's basically uh and
somewhat almost guaranteed. So it's
interesting enough what people are
pricing in the changing of of these kind
of inflation expectations. Uh but we
also did get some news as we just
mentioned here. The White House uh when
it comes to trade now China they say has
agreed to purchase at least 17 billion
dollars of agricultural products from
the US each year through to 2028 but
hasn't commented yet on Beijing's
assertion that both countries will cut
tariffs following last week's Trump Gi
Summit. Let's bring in our chief North
Asia correspondent Angel. He's still in
the Chinese capital for us. Uh Steve,
we're getting a little bit more meat in
the bones on what really was, I guess,
agreed upon uh in Beijing last week.
Tell us more about some of the the
targets and some of the numbers here uh
in terms of what commitments we've heard
from the Chinese so far.
Well, it's definitely good news for US
farmers because again this is the
planting season right now in the middle
of it for soybeans, soybean farmers and
last year there was so much uncertainty
because we hit the harvest in September,
October last year and there were no
sizable orders from the Chinese. It took
that meeting in Busousan to kind of get
the the ball across the line on orders
and we did get something from the
Chinese commitment back then. So this uh
in the middle of the soybean purchasing
or planting season is good news for
those farmers. But that $17 billion
commitment from the Chinese according to
the White House readout does not include
the commitments to soybeans. So that's
even better sign because if you go back
to 2024, China essentially bought about
$ 24 billion worth of agricultural
products including half of that was
soybeans, $12 billion. Last year was a
very different story. total agricultural
purchases by China from the United
States was just 8.3 billion because of
all the trade frictions and also holding
back on buying the soybeans. Uh the
Chinese went to other markets like uh
Brazil and elsewhere. So again, that's
still a lever that China could use if
the trade friction and the tariffs ramp
up. China found those levers in rare
earth and they found it in soybeans and
other agricultural purchases. But right
now following the uh the fairly cordial
summit between Donald Trump and Xiinping
uh the Chinese are committing to those
purchases uh like they did in the first
trade war but then again they did not
fulfill the full order of soybeans for
one because of COVID. So you know again
things can change over the course of the
year but again at least they're off on
the right foot in the middle of the
planting season right now for soybeans.
Uh Stephen, as you alluded to, I think
some of these purchases have fallen
short in the past of what's been
committed. But how do we also factor in
the economic realities that we're seeing
on the ground in China?
>> Well, the Chinese economy for sure is is
sluggish right now. Uh and they they
need to find ways to boost domestic
consumption. uh you know it's it's
interesting to hear the the different uh
narratives coming from social media and
China about this summit. uh you again a
lot of the social media is is um
censored but again I think there's still
a hesitancy uh in Chinese households to
spend uh but again purchasing from the
United States on the agricultural front
which they need is important but again
the big uncertainty really is the
overhang of the uh fuel price shock that
the rest of the world is facing. China
hasn't necessarily seen uh the sharp
rise in you know prices at the pump
right now because of their strategic
reserves that they have but again the
longer the war goes on the longer the
uncertainty the longer the uncertainty
there will be as well in finding some
sort of mutual agreement on uh the
opening up of the straight of Hormuz
between China and the United States
there was not necessarily a lot of
progress on that front other than both
sides would like to see well China did
press the US side to find a way to open
the straits of Hormuz. We do not know
how Xiinping responded directly,
however, to the White House's push to
get China to use its diplomatic
influence on Thran. On that front,
>> Steve, thank you for getting us the
latest. Chief North Asia correspondent
Steven Angel. We'll have more with him
later. In the meantime, take a look at
how Samsung stock is fairing. Of course,
we've been watching how the leadership
of the company has been engaging with
the labor union and the labor union
chief says that they will sincerely
engage in talks with management. the
worries of course about the risk of a
strike on a company that's really been
propelling the stock gauge the Cosby of
course along with the likes of SKH does
the supply disruption fears come a bit
off the four now given what we're seeing
in perhaps some signs of progress
between the two sides Ivon
>> yeah at least that part is of the
equation is looking a little bit better
for Samsung as well but against this
backdrop still of higher yields
inflation fears and oil coming back in a
big way as well for more. Let's bring in
our markets producer Anthony Stevens.
He's with me here right now on set. At
what we were we kept asking at what
point is this higher yield environment
going to derail this equity rally? Are
we are we finally seeing this now?
>> Yeah, we saw that on Friday, right? When
Trump commented that the homos does not
need to be open, right? That was a sea
change in sentiment. People started to
price that this is going to be an
ongoing problem, right? And we entered
this nachos trade, right? The no chance
this trade is going to get open. uh and
this opened the gateway to a unhinged
kind of move in yields across the entire
world and it's important to note that
Asia's led that move right so JGBs and
KTBs are getting quite untethered here
on the way up and it's the velocity of
that move that is starting to spook
equity investors right one thing I
really want to focus on is equity uh
equity markets now are very dependent on
retail sentiment right Korean retail
it's a big number they bought $50
billion Korean domestic versus foreign
selling so the Korean locals are very
long and when they start to see KTBS
ratchet higher every year, the hurdle
rate to future gains is much higher.
>> Anthony, the AI rally has kind of left
some of these other markets out in the
cold. I wonder what's your read on
Chinese markets because there was a
period of time where in the depths of
the market selling during the war, it
was seen as a bit of a haven. Does that
come to the four now given these
persistent worries about the strait?
>> So it's interesting. Chinese equity
markets are starting to trend in a very
bifocated manner. Right? You have the
Chinext that is doing really quite well.
China's domestic chip ecosystem that had
a little bit of a wobble last week, but
that seems to be very much the focus and
is having very decent earnings. On the
other hand, you have the China internet
stocks. The K web for example is
indicating sharply lower again today.
Chinese internet companies are just not
monetizing AI in the same way and they
do not have the same kind of blue sky
earnings expectations that US
hyperscalers enjoy. So China is quite a
complex little situation as you alluded
to much earlier. Uh Chinese yields
though are much more relaxed. So China
does not have that one concern.
>> Anthony, thank you. Anthony Stevens
there, our blue markets producer here on
what's really driving these markets
here. Of course, we're just about uh 20
minutes away from of course new home
price data out of China and then that
data dump at the top of the hour. Of
course, we're kind of now in the open of
trade in Shanghai, [music] Shenzhen, and
Hong Kong. This is the China show.
All right, we're taking a look at when
it comes to Asian markets here this
morning. Futures are flat in China right
now, but you are [music] extending this
selloff uh when it comes to North Asia
equity markets here given just the yield
pickup we've seen across bond [music]
markets globally when you're talking
about, you know, treasuries continuing
on this selloff here this morning on
these oil and inflation fears as well.
uh we're also pushing away or moving
away the narrative uh from the Trumpshi
summit uh to back to the Iran war now
and that's why you're seeing Brent
prices back to uh 110. So certainly
there's plenty of headwinds here this
morning but we're still expecting to see
uh what this China data is going to look
like as well which continues to show
supply is pretty strong but weakness
still in the demand picture as well. So
that's in store for us. And of course to
wrap up what we really got out of this
presidential summit, let's go to San
Diego and we're joined by Amcham China
chairman James Zimmerman. Also back with
us, I want to bring in Steve, our chief
Malaysia correspondent. He's still in
Beijing. Uh James, I'll start with you.
You know, it seems like it was plenty of
pageantry, maybe, you know, low in
deliverables, which was sort of expected
kind of even leaning into this summit,
but uh what do you think, you know,
would you call this summit a success?
Um, I think it's the most important
thing is the um is that the two business
leaders got together and had a dialogue
and they spoke. The deliverables are
something I think that you're going to
be seeing over the next few weeks or so.
Um and we can't expect that there will
be any kind of a grand bargain or any
breakthroughs. But the fact that the
both sides are committed to stabilizing
the relationship um sends a very strong
message a signal to the business
community and that gives us a sense of
optimism and that's important. So
hopefully over the course of the year
through meetings at APEC and G20 and the
state visit later this year, the two the
two lud leaders can continue to meet and
work through a number of the
complexities in the relationship which
is something that's important for
business. It brings a level of
predictability, clarity in the
relationship as well as puts in the
guard rails we need to make sure we
don't go back to a situation where
there's trade wars and tensions and
other escalations.
>> Right. Hey James, Steve here. Let me
jump in and ask you because I think one
of the more important aspects of uh this
daunt if you will is this suggestion of
a board of trade and a board of
investment because again the tariff
barrage last year sort of put blanket
tariffs across many different products.
In fact all products that were be going
to be sent from China to the United
States. How important it is is it to get
the negotiations going to find the areas
and the the thresholds and the the
sectors that are not going to be
tariffed at say for example areas that
have more national security concern.
>> I think with the board of trade the most
important thing is that it's a platform.
It's a platform for the two sides to
talk. um it's not at the level of say
the joint commission on commerce and
trade from years ago but it's an
opportunity for both sides to talk
through some of the issues. Um I think
one of the challenging things is we're
and we're we are actually waiting for
more details and clarity on the on the
the processes and how this will all
work. But I think uh some of the
challenges of the board of trade is that
there's going to be decisions you know
and those decisions may be challenged um
on who gets to trade and who does not
you know so it does create a little bit
of uncertainty for the business
community but overall we're very much um
optimistic that the two sides are indeed
talking you know and with the with the
on the trade side one of the issues we
also see is also making sure that
services are included trade and services
are just as important as working through
the issues on on um trade, you know, in
goods. Uh with the board of investment,
that's another area that we can be
finding some common ground where we
allow Chinese investment into the US and
nonsensitive areas, you know, and also
find ways that we can increase maybe
market access for US companies in China.
So both of these boards, you know, I are
a step in the right direction um to
allow us to try to work through some of
the issues and and build, you know, a
solid trade relationship that will
benefit both the first and second
largest economies in the world, but also
the global trade system as well.
>> And James, it's interesting, right? I
think she also told a lot of these
American CEOs that were traveling with
the president about, you know, China's
door to the outside world will only open
wider. Uh without offering too many
specifics, do you think this this board
of trade and board of investment just
institutionalizing
uh how this could actually lead to more
maybe two-way uh trade? I mean, do you
think that alleviates a lot of the
concerns that a lot of maybe businesses
and your members have talked about the
regulatory concerns, the supply chain,
export risks and and the like?
>> Yes, absolutely. I mean, you used the
right word, institutionalizing this. It
creates a platform, you know, a forum
for the two sides to talk, you know, and
dialogue matters. um you know diplomacy
matters and it's very very important
that we do have these platforms that we
do institutionalize these conversations
and that's what business needs that's
what business wants and again we want
clarity predictability and the guard
rails in place so these uh both of these
boards are are indeed a step in the
right direction
there's always the risk that things can
kind of go pear-shaped in this
relationship we're coming up to midterm
elections There might be some more China
anti-China rhetoric in the United
States. Obviously, China in the past
because of conditions or situations
outside their control, whether it was CO
or the tariff barrage, they did not
fulfill necessarily their commitments on
soybeans. It's one thing to pledge, it's
another thing to fulfill that uh you
know agreement. Uh so are you still sort
of you know tentatively optimistic or is
there a hint of caution there for you?
Uh I'm I'm more cautiously optimistic in
the sense that um you know the midterm
elections we do not believe will be
about China. They're going to be about a
lot of other issues. There'll be issues
such as US economy, gas prices,
affordability, healthcare. There's going
to be a lot of other issues besides
China on the agenda for the midterms,
you know. But the the business community
is prepared for you know a sense of um
you know some China bashing that may may
take place. But the business community
also needs to be prepared to um get the
word out, you know, on the ground in the
US and in the context of the
conversation over the midterms or in the
2028 election and that the relationship
between the US and China is very very
important for the economy, not just the,
you know, the US and Chinese economy,
but also the world economy, you know. So
there are indeed going to be political
issues coming up with the election. Um
we're hopeful that China is not going to
be the focus of attention. Um but um you
know those are things that the business
community is prepared to you know
advocate on to ensure that we go in the
right direction.
Hey James, were you disappointed at all
uh that the large contingent of top top
uh US executives that came whether it
was Jensen Hong, Elon Musk uh and the
others Tim Cook uh they did not
necessarily at least in the immediate
aftermath announce big deals for the
H200 AI accelerator or any kind of
movement on you know self um you know
robo taxis for Tesla. We did get sort of
a watered down order for Boeing jets. Uh
beef is going to be back on the table of
uh Chinese households potentially. Uh
was it kind of underwhelming to you as
far as the deal flow?
>> No, not necessarily because uh this is
an initial step. I think all of the
businesses represented in that
delegation, you know, have much to offer
to China. Uh, and they, you know, are
represent the best of America. And many
of those companies are actually, um,
very much engaged with the American
Chamber of Commerce in China. Uh, as
well as actually on some having some of
our companies that are on our board of
board of governors. But, I mean, they
they're not disappointed. they feel that
this is just a long-term process, you
know, that um you know, if there's
issues that they need to work with the
Chinese, I think the the messaging, you
know, come coming from both of our
leaders is that this relationship and
the relationship between our companies
and China is critically important. We
have a lot to offer and and it's a
process of moving forward with the
dialogue. Um and that may take that's um
a lot of this is going to be taking
place after the summit. So in between
between now and the next touch point
between the two leaders. We'll see what
kind of progress that we're making and
hopefully we'll have u it'll be it won't
be underwhelming. It will be
overwhelming. So we'll see what happens
as we as we proceed through the year.
>> James, we have to leave it there. But
thank you. James Zimmerman there,
chairman of Amchen China joining us from
San Diego. Also our thanks to Steve, our
chief Malaysia correspondent of course
in Beijing for us. I just want to check
when it comes to where [music] bond
markets are right now. We're focusing on
the Treasury market as well. Uh when it
comes to the 30-year yield, we are now
at the highest level since 2023. [music]
So we're talking about a 515 handle now
for the long end of the curve. JGBs are
also moving [music] uh in tandem. In
fact, that 30-year JGB yield surging 20
basis points [music] uh close to that
here to 4.2% right now. We have plenty
more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[music]
The story today is really about the much
higher in yields against the backdrop of
concerns about inflation. And of course,
we're watching data in China coming out
for the month of April. But against this
backdrop, really how inflation concerns
[music] have eroded the optimism
surrounding stocks. And looks like on
the greater China markets, they're no
exception [music] for today. You're
watching the China Show. The open is
next. This is Bloomberg.
[music]
Now, [music] the story we're tracking
today really is against the backdrop of
there not being a breakthrough on the
reopening of the straight and the bond
markets have certainly been bearing the
brunt of these concerns on treasuries.
The 30-year yield, of course, we've
[music] been seeing how those concerns
have more or less been playing out on
the long end. You're rising now on the
30-year [music] yield to the highest
since 2023. And Japan also kind of
moving in lock step with the pressure in
global debt markets. China a bit of an
exception to the rule amid all this but
the 30 year in Japan also [music] the
highest since its debut that was way
back when in 1999 Ivonne and [music] you
know we're watching really also given
how the Takayichi administration seems
to [music] be announcing extra budget
given the Middle East shop how that also
uh [music] will play out in the way in
which bond investors digest yet more
supply
>> yeah when you're talking about more
fiscal strains and the like for these
governments as they deal with this
energy crisis and certainly that does
add to more fuel to this bond selloff
right and you know at what point is this
really going to lead to more pain for
equity markets we're already seeing that
across Korea across Taiwan across Japan
of course these were the darling sort of
markets given the whole AI hardware sort
of trade uh and now we're seeing that
being royal here today especially in
Korea at least we got some slightly more
positive news when it comes to Samsung
and where they are when it comes to
negotiations with the labor union, but
then again uh there still is that risk
of some sort of strike uh with that
company. So there you go. Onore markets
are doing a little bit better against
the tide. You take a look at when it
comes to CSI 300, we are lower by about
4/10en of 1%. Uh Shenzhen is also
falling just moderately here this
morning. Uh we're watching of course the
bond market in China is a little bit
more resilient uh to of course some of
the external uh bond market fears that
we're seeing when it comes to oil, when
it comes to inflation as of now. But
look at Shanghai crude. We are elevated
once again. and we're up 6% and really
following that move with Brent and WTI
as we talked about Brent is back to 110
as we get closer to of course um you
know what happens with the straight of
war moves right we're back to that sort
of reality there as well uh chips there
are seeing a little bit of selloff here
when it comes to Camberon tech where
we're lower by about a third of 1% but
CL is lower by one uh you take a look at
when it comes to the Hong Kong dashboard
of course we're we're just moments away
we just got that new home price data
just came through here we'll get that to
you a bit but data dump is also coming
through here. HS Tech, there you go.
We're seeing a sell off here. Baba down
some 2%, 10 cent now that we got through
their earnings uh as well. Uh it seems
like still the internet platforms are
struggling here this morning. And dollar
China, we're back above that 681 handle.
So that dollar is really kind of
sticking its neck out here this morning
across Asia even for the rem that has
been resilient and strong up until
recently. So there you go. That's what
we're seeing so far. are uh we're
watching different stocks in ter in
terms of the agricultural sector, the
farming sector just given uh this number
that came through here from that US
white house readout uh about how many
agricultural purchases they talked about
17 billion uh that's in store. So
certainly uh we haven't seen that right
now in terms of the reaction from some
of these aggra stocks but they are uh
slightly lower here this morning.
Healthc care stocks are also in focus
here today in China. Of course, this has
also been a very hot sector uh given the
fact that there's this Ebola outbreak
and WHO over the weekend did declare it
as a health emergency. So, you are
seeing the likes of Alibaba Health, JD
Health are lower this morning and we
have to talk about this debut robot
Phoenix uh and we are seeing what has
been there you go a very punchy start of
trade here. First day of listing here.
They talk, you know, they of course are
a robotics company which has been doing
very well uh in this market. But the
retail portion, get this. Take a look at
that. According to reports, was 14,800
times over subscribed. So plenty of
interest from the retail side of this
for this stock. But April, you're
checking this home price data. What do
we got?
>> Yeah, for the month of April, we're
seeing a slower decline on both the new
and used home prices. So for new homes,
uh, decline of about.19%
on month, 23% if you're looking at used
home prices. Of course, the housing
sector slowdown has certainly been front
and center amid the Chinese economic uh
wobbles that we've seen of late, Ivonne.
>> Yeah, and I think it it goes with the
sort of trend that we're starting to see
that maybe things are starting to bottom
out. Of course, this is really a first
tier city sort of story for now. when
you talk about cities like Shanghai, we
talk about cities like Shenzhen that
seem to be driving some of the recovery
in this market. So, you know, there's a
big question of whether this actually
broadens out to second to third tier
cities as well. But certainly that has
been the big debate among a lot of these
property analysts out there is re is
there really now a floor in place for
prices?
>> Yeah, in the meantime, let's get to the
annual BNP Pariba Global EV and Mobility
Conference that begins in Hong Kong. Um,
among those attending, Zeos Tech, a
Chinese robo van operator that claims
the world's largest fleet with more than
25,000 vehicles and their backers
include Baba CDHU, Blue Lake Capital, BU
as well. Joining us now from the event,
Zeos Tech, co-founder and CEO and CEO of
Global Business, Son Sha Chang joins us.
So, uh, Sean, it's interesting because
we were getting home price data. We've
been talking about first versus second
tier cities. I'm interested in when you
look at your business, I think the fleet
is what 25,000.
With regards to scale on the mainland,
what are the challenges? What are the
plans there going forward? How are you
looking at the dispersion among cities?
>> Well, in China, [clears throat] we've
been growing rapidly in the past few
years. Um, in 2023, we sold about 200
units. uh 2024 2,000 and 2025 20,000
this year this year um we have a very
aggressive plan uh of going I think uh
close to 80,000 if possible um
challenges are there of course because
uh for autonomous driving uh eventually
it's a safety efficiency that we carries
the most um when we have more vehicles
running on the road where we will be
able to see more corner cases um in
different like climate scenarios
different operating scenarios and etc
etc. So we'll be continuously invest and
dig deeper into the technology itself.
Meanwhile be able we we'll try our best
to provide uh more products for our
customers u in different to meet their
requirements in different fields
>> for these different fields. That's
pretty much the plan for this year,
>> right? Uh, you also have a presence in
the Middle East, correct me if I'm
wrong, in the UAE. I mean, how has the
war affected some of these plans, if at
all?
>> Um, well, it it's sad to say that the
original conflict def definitely brought
some uh um challenges to our business
and to the local people. Um it's glad
that our vehicle um even in crisis like
this is able to help uh local people in
delivering um like water and food uh um
like instant noodle those stuff uh so to
keep the city running. Um so when the uh
conflict come to a um more stable uh
status uh we see business start growing
really fast. So we had a problem that uh
how to ship our vehicles all the way
from the manufacturies in from China uh
to UAE and other um Gulf countries. Uh
but today with the help of our partners,
our local partners, we found a uh valley
route that's routing through Oman uh
some parts of Oman. Then through land
transportation, we'll be able to deliver
our vehicles to our customers in UAE and
other um countries in the region. So
it's it's it's good and bad, you know.
Um um
yeah, go ahead.
>> Yeah, see it seemed seems to be a fluid
situation. I wanted to get your take on
the business is headquartered in
Singapore. Uh since you guys are a
Chinese company, can you tell us a bit
about the rationale of the business case
uh for being in Singapore and and what
does this mean for your Southeast Asia
expansions?
>> Well, that's a very good question. Um
the technology and supply chain and and
the market, the major of our market is
in China. Uh I don't deny that. Uh but
for Singapore, it's a more um open
global uh city and country, especially
towards other Asia countries and
Southeast Asia. Um our current strategy
is to expand um into Southeast Asia and
Middle East. Um that's our focus for
now. um for that strategy, Singapore is
a very good start point as a a demo and
a window to showcase our our technology,
our product to all the investors and
customers around um the world especially
in Southeast Asia and and and and the
Middle East. So that's why uh for our
first step of going of going out of
China, we picked Singapore as our global
headquarter. Uh started doing that since
2023.
And can you tell us I mean how how's the
competition there? I mean there's a lot
of I guess you could say more of the
legacy sort of names in Southeast Asia.
Grab for example I mean they're also
going into this whole you know
autonomous vehicle sort of route here
right now. You know who is your
competition right now in this space and
and how do you view those dynamics in
Southeast Asia?
>> Um very good question. Well in Singapore
uh we don't have so much of a
competition at this moment. uh the
companies that you mentioned like Grab
um um other company names like they're
actually collaborators of us. We
actually signed a strategic partnership
with Grab uh providing technology and
products for Grab to deliver stuff to
their uh end customers um in Singapore
today. Um we were the first one who got
a um commercial license plate to um
legally operate in Singapore and um I
believe as of now we are the only um
rubal van company that's going
commercial in Singapore. Uh we have
customers uh across the whole country
like DHL, Singapore Post, uh Fairprice
which like their biggest chain of
supermarkets in Singapore and they're
very good customers supporting us not
just by placing orders but also helping
us in uh developing new uh products that
better fits their their needs and also
working together um um and working
together on legislation and regulation
with the government.
Uh, okay. Well, it's interesting too,
Sean, maybe can you tell us a bit more
there there's been reports, some chatter
that you guys are looking at an IPO
sometime soon. Can you give us any sort
of update on that?
>> Well, everything you've heard most
likely it's unofficial. I mean, at this
at this stage, we're expanding uh vastly
and really in a in a very fast growth
stage. So we're definitely open to all
the ways of collecting more funds from
uh all the sources uh including IPO but
um for the business and and the R&D um
our plan is very very very clear and
very straightforward that we need more
money to develop the the the better
technology. We need more money to uh to
develop more products, better products
for our customers and uh we're open to
all the the funding sources.
>> You spoke earlier about Singapore being
a way to sort of showcase what is
possible with the business. What are the
other Southeast Asia markets that you're
really optimistic or banking on at this
stage?
Uh well for Ma for for now uh Malaysia
and Thailand are the two uh countries
we're going to get in and expand uh uh
in the next phase. Uh we have found
partners really strong partners who has
um scenarios uh who has um a good um
ambition of of of getting into this
market with us together uh in those two
countries. Um other countries like
Vietnam and and Australia we're also
having some good opportunities over
there. uh but they're still on the early
stage. So I say next phase for zealots
to expand in Southeast Asia. Um Malaysia
Thailand is definitely um the top two
countries that we're going to get in
really really soon.
>> Sean, it's great to have you. Sean Jang
there, co-founder, COO and CEO of global
business at Zeos Tech joining us uh
there uh from the BMP conference. Of
course, you can rewatch that on the
Bloomberg video hub. Subscribers can
explore live streaming, news, and
interviews, all our Bloomberg TV shows,
documentaries, reporter [music]
analysis, and more. Check it out at
bloomberg.com/videos.
All right, we're taking a look at the
South Korean benchmark erasing a lot of
those earlier gains and I think some of
that headway between Samsung and the
labor union or at least positive vibes
based on some of these headlines we're
getting is helping to, you know, put to
bed a bit some of those concerns about
the strike risk, apply disruption risk.
You're seeing the chip makers gaining
and of course uh let's get to soul now.
Our Asia equities reporter Yugiong Yi
joins us. Yukong the head of the union
saying a few minutes back that they plan
to sincerely engage in talks with
management. I mean what do we know at
this stage?
>> Yeah. Um what a warning for Korean stock
market watchers. So earlier today we saw
the uh Cosby starting at a sharp with a
sharp weakness. is um uh bringing the
index to the correction level briefly
and that was driven by the two chip
makers Samsung electronics and SKH
highix. Samsung erased earlier losses of
more than 3% to now uh gain uh more than
3% um that comes as the investor watched
the status of the wage negotiation
between uh Samsung management and the
labor union which resumed this morning.
And now the the latest development we
have today about Samsung strike is that
President Vijay Meowong made his first
comments about the Samsung strike. What
he said on his uh ex account was that uh
management rights should be respected as
much as just as much as the labor
rights. So as this uh comments come from
the former labor lawyer Korean president
uh Liyong uh Samsung has been raising
earlier losses to a gain more than 3%
that has helped Cosby to pair earlier
steep losses to trade nearly almost
flat. Actually it's in the green now.
Yeah, it's interesting, right? Just um
what we've heard in the last couple of
minutes as well, Yukong. Um against that
backdrop though, we're still dealing
with the semiconductor trade. It seems
like, you know, we're seeing a bit of a
sell-off here. Yields are picking up.
You know, this whole sort of inflation
fears are really kind of roing overall
the semiconductor space here. You know,
what is the outlook for for Samsung in
terms of the stock moving forward?
>> Yeah, absolutely. higher ills are
threatening this Asia's artificial
intelligence trade and South Korea is
one of the one of the market that
investors are closely watching for the
possibility of a potential interest rate
hike. So what we're seeing today is the
uh this against this negative macro
background all these background noise
that is not very favorable to the risk
appetite uh to the uh to this
high-flying stocks such as the uh
semiconductors uh names such as Samsung
and SKH both of the stocks has more than
doubled uh so far this year. So um I
think the the investor will be closely
watching the EOS as well as the Nvidia
earning due later this week for the
direction of the of the Samsung and SKH
Highix uh share prices going forward.
>> Yuyong, this is a market that's gotten
to these levels from the buying thanks
to the retail army. Foreigners are still
selling into this market. I mean what
are the signals you're gleaning from
this?
>> Yeah, absolutely. So I think last week
uh we kind of saw this tug of war
between uh retail investors and foreign
investors. Foreign investors were uh
they reduced record 13 billion amount of
Korean equities last week alone and
that's like the weekly record that we've
seen in data dating back to before 2000.
And on the other hand, retail investors
have been buying uh what we see from the
uh foreign investors not not necessarily
reducing significantly their position of
the uh South Korean stock market but
rather a profit taking of the two chip
makers two heavyweight chip makers
Samsung electronics and skynes who which
heavy lifted much of the costbased
almost 80% rally. So a lot of the
investors and analysts I've spoken to,
they said this is part of the healthy uh
correction pullback after this sudden
rise especially uh if you look at the
how many days it took for the Cosby to
go to 8,000 milestone from 7,000 it only
took seven days and if you look at the
past one and a half months the index
rose more than 60% and much of that gain
has come from Samsung electronics and
SKH so I think a lot of the foreign
investors are now uh good dealing with
this mass massive growth of their uh of
their Samsung and SK high position in
their portfolio and now is looks like
the good time for them to take profit.
But after some of the consolidation and
possible pullback, a lot of investors
are expecting Cosby to resume its gains.
>> Yeah, I mean even if there's a what 20%
cor you know bare market here, we're
still talking about back to levels since
what April. So I mean it's been a
stellar rally to say the least. Yo,
thank you. our Asia equities reporter
there, Yog Lee joining us with the
latest when it comes to Samsung. Uh
let's turn to another company that we've
been focusing on uh for a while now.
China Everrand and his liquidators head
to court today for the opening of their
lawsuit against PWC in a case set to
test the scope of claims against
auditors of insolvent companies. Let's
bring in our Bloomberg reporter Trista
Sheen Law. She joins me here. Um so this
case really centers on PWC's auditing
work on Everrand. What are we watching
out for? So this is actually the first
public hearing between PWC and Everrand
liquidator and it comes more than two
years after the liquidator filed a
lawsuit uh against PWC and as you
mentioned earlier today's hearing
focused on its auditing work of Everrand
which is quite a symbol of Chinese
property crisis you know Everrand
defaulted back in uh 2021 and uh today's
hearing is really interesting because
early on you know liquidator initially
only took legal action against PWC's
China and Hong Kong affiliate, but they
later on to add PWC International to the
lawsuit. So PWC International is the
umbrella level of its units worthwhile
and in today's hearing PWC international
will try to strike down uh liquidators
claim against it. So I think that's
quite interesting to watch because
because there are not many you know that
kind of cases we bring into the
international level of an audit fara
to what extent does this case matter
beyond ever grand?
Yeah, as I mentioned is a kind of a you
know procedent setting fight uh because
there aren't many cases will bring into
the international level uh in Hong Kong
and if the core you know allow the
liquidator to take the action against
PWC international it could expand the
accountability to the global audit
network. So that's why I think one of
the reason why all the you know uh
financial service industry uh people
here in Hong Kong are closely watching
this case. And another thing is any
financial ruling uh against PWC will act
to the previous regulatory uh pressure
the the firm already faced. Last month,
PWC's Hong Kong unit actually uh pay 1.3
billion Hong Kong dollar to settle um
Hong Kong regulators in investigation
into its role in uh Everrant. And and
last but not least is also crucial for
liquidators years long effort trying to
claw back at least part of creditors
investment. Uh liquidator previously
said Everrand's debt burden actually
reached 350 billion Hong Kong dollars.
So anything they can claw at from PWC
will be crucial.
>> Trista, thank you so much. Bloomberg
reporter Trista Seno in Hong Kong with
the latest on that for us. Still to
come, we crunch China's April activity
numbers with HSBC [music] global
investment research. We'll also hear
from BMP Paribar, APEC, deputy head of
global markets on how clients are
reacting [music] to a volatile
investment environment. Plus, our
exclusive interview with the Robot
Phoenix chairman as the company [music]
makes its Hong Kong trading debut.
Well, we're seeing the deepening of the
selloff here when it comes to global
bond markets here today. You are
continuing to watch. Take a look at the
JGB 30-year yield. Uh we're at 16 basis
points here right now to a 420 handle. I
think it's the highest we've seen uh
since 1999. Uh the Treasury market, the
30-year is also punching a 515. That's
the highest we've seen since 2023. So
certainly uh the the oil fears, the
inflation fears are back. I think after
we saw those April numbers coming
through within the US and I think with
Trump mentioning last week that, you
know, he doesn't really care too much
about the straight of horm reopening. Uh
that certainly did royal the markets
here. And that's why you're seeing
equity markets are starting to see a bit
of pain. Hang sang is lower by about 1%.
Uh we're seeing pretty flat resilient
when it comes to the onore markets here
today, but certainly we're expected that
data dump and just moments away. You're
seeing those live pictures out of the
bureau statistics here as well. We're
expecting to see when it comes to
industrial production probably stronger
based on underpinned by exports. [music]
But you know when it comes to retail
sales could be still another sore point
there. That data dump coming up next.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back. We're counting down to
China's release of activity data for the
month of April. You're looking at live
pictures there out of the bureau. And of
course, the expectation is that we see
growth for factory activity far
outpacing that of consumption perhaps.
But of course, it's all coming on a day
where if you take a look at how tech is
fairing, you're seeing that dispersion
continuing to trickle through. It's
really the chip stocks that are helping
to offset the declines. If you're
looking at the Hong Singh tech gauge,
the internet names are the ones bearing
the brunt of most of that. Of course,
this is coming a day where most of Asia
tech is down say for some of these
pockets of optimism out of South Korea.
Ivonne,
>> yeah, you know, Samsung certainly that
they seem to be coming up with some
progress in these negotiations to maybe
possibly possibly avert a strike. Uh
that certainly we're still waiting for
more details coming through of that
meeting. But here you go. U that
activity data for China for April has
just been released. Oh, I'm looking at
the retail sales number. uh 0.2%.
Uh so that is quite a sizable miss from
the median estimates here right now. Uh
we're expecting a 2% uh sort of print.
Uh industrial production also was short
of expectations 4.1%
uh and also seeing a slowdown there from
the previous month. Uh when it comes to
fixed asset investments, it's a negative
print now we're talking about of
negative 1.6%. So uh a quite a miss on
seems like in multiple fronts here
today. You take a look at what it comes
to property investment that continues to
be doubledigit contraction 13.7% which
was also a miss there. Uh and property
sales uh when it come to residential
property sales here today also in
negative territory. So uh overall it
seems like this is uh a very soft set of
numbers here. Uh let's bring in Jinglu,
Greater China chief economist at HSBC
Global Investment Research to to walk us
through some of these numbers. At first
glance, your take JLu. Well, it's
surprised on the downside to be honest
uh on all the prints. Uh but uh we need
to take things um with context.
Basically with a Middle East conflict
going on that probably uh affect uh uh
the economies in Asia. Um I mean China
probably more resilient than others but
no exception in terms of taking the hit.
>> 0.2% for retail sales. I'm trying to see
when when the last time we saw a number
of so small. Um what does that tell you
about the the domestic side of things
and the demand picture right now?
>> I think uh clearly uh everyone is
talking about the K-shaped recovery in
the sense that the consumption is still
on the soft side. Um and uh over the
past several years it's pretty clear
Chinese authorities uh don't believe in
handout of money. Uh they probably are
looking for more sustainable recovery
which will rely on the overall pick up
of the economic activities.
>> Um so I think um right now something is
still in the brew. For example, the um
President Trump visit basically um the
Ministry of Commerce came out and say
that it's possible both side might
reduce uh levies on certain products. So
if that materialized together with some
rerouting of the export orders back to
China, that could support uh job
creation and probably uh support the um
consumption
>> when it comes to trade. saying Lou when
the exports numbers came out I think it
was a couple weeks ago it showed that AI
boom so the worries are the transmission
into the consumption side is is coming
quite slow quite challenged how do you
see that playing out
>> right so we still see that China
actually excelled in exporting say EV
cars as well as some of the
semiconductor uh I think for that the
transmission to consumption may not be
as forceful as um people would like to
see. Uh probably uh if we um stay uh
monitoring the data for a little bit
longer if there's evidence of certain
kind of consumer goods uh rerouting back
to China for the production that would
be more direct support for jobs and
essentially the consumption.
>> What do you make of this AI boom? Right.
We we saw it in the trade data just you
know a week ago about it's everything
that's AI related in the supply chain
that China seemed to be exporting
importing it how sustainable is that
because I'm even looking at industrial
production numbers which happen
supported by exports even that is
slowing down now so was that just kind
of frontloading or do you think the sort
of trend can continue and drive exports
further
>> I think basically this is global AI
story if we believe in AI can eventually
boost productivity I think the AI frenzy
will last for a bit longer. Uh probably
the market performance is a different
story. Um I I think you know uh some
people believe even if there's some more
uh volatility on the market side uh the
ultimate demand for AI is still there.
So I think both US and China are betting
on that and uh this kind of uh strong uh
performance on the real economy side
will last for a while.
You talked earlier about some of the
impacts, the effects that we're seeing
from the war. What's been supportive so
far has been the stock piles and once
that's eroded, what do we know about how
that might play out in the next couple
of months? Is what we're seeing in the
data today already a sign of things to
come?
Well, I think uh for the data today,
it's uh pretty much a summary of what
happened previously. Uh what's
interesting is what's going to happen
next. Uh for that, I think the um April
end of April uh print of the PMI
actually tell the story. Basically, um
it's been a while since we see the small
enterprise PMI actually revert back to
50. And the same is true for the
medium-siz enterprise. And also
counterintuitively the sub index of the
uh export order PMI um actually revert
to um above 50 after almost two years.
So that uh tells me probably we will see
more support on the theme side and those
are actually quite powerful in creating
jobs and supporting the economic growth.
What are you seeing among the youth and
and the jobless in China at this stage
and does that also figure into your view
the narrative that things are stirring
among the smaller firms in China?
Well, I think youth unemployment rate um
continues to be uh a challenge in China
as we can see from the data and uh also
I think that's a challenge um many other
economies feel uh to some extent this AI
replacement story is happening and also
uh for China in particular I think um
over the past several years probably we
have seen record high uh level of uh
college graduates and maybe there's some
sort of mismatch of the skills trend in
school and skills um basically demanded
in the market. So I would say um that
will remain the focus for the policy
makers and probably will continues to
see more um measures such as creating
internships and trying to give uh more
uh training etc. uh playing out.
>> You mentioned about the Trumpi summit.
China had a very interesting line in
that readout constructive strategic
>> stability. Yes. What can what what does
that mean? I know you're really good
with rhetoric and really deciphering
what China interests are. Do you think
that's been reflected in what it shows
with US interests as well?
>> I do think so because last year we have
seen um you know many two rounds of
and uh after the bus meeting of two
president we seem to enter the new
period that both sides signal that
despite the rivalry in many different
fronts uh they will continue to work
with each other. I think the pragmatism
uh actually matters quite a bit and uh
in this specific summit I think uh uh
China and US definitely send a signal um
they are going to seek for um relatively
stable relationship while working with
each other on different fronts.
>> What are your assumptions on where
tariffs going to land? I mean we still
have those 301 investigations that
conclude at the end of the summer and
Trump has talked about the threat of
raising those tariffs again. What is
what are your assumptions right now?
>> So, u actually previously I thought um
after the 301 investigation we will end
up with some tariff um more or less on
par with what we started with at the
beginning of the year before the ruling.
However, uh last Saturday we see that
ministry of finance actually um you know
during the press uh conference said
something like both side agree to reduce
levies on certain products and uh um
secretary Basson also made the same
statement basically for those US is not
not looking to reshing back to uh
reshing the uh manufacturing on shore uh
then there's room for both side to
reduce the tariff and Obviously, China
will do the reciprocal uh cut. So, if
that's true, I'm going to see maybe a uh
you know, a lower tariff.
It's interesting because even without
these lower tariffs, we've seen the
Chinese economy more resilient than
expected to tariffs and the impact of
the war. We're expecting a couple of
meetings to come later in the year from
both sides. If there was one risk that
you would highlight, what would it be?
Well, I think tariff is uh definitely
still the focus and with the aim to uh
normalizing the uh trade between two
countries. Uh I think uh basically last
year we have seen the record low in
terms of the share of US China trade as
percentage of uh China's total trade
with the rest of the world uh below 9%.
So there's a lot of room for
improvement. But on top of that um the
statement regarding board of investment
also caught my eye. Basically uh
secretary Besson says something like
they want to have a pregame such that
the investment into the nonsensitive
non-strategic areas will not get
referred to CPHAS that would prefer uh
that would be preferred by the business
a lot of certainty in terms of talking
about investment uh potentially into the
US. You mentioned about this K-shaped
economy. What is the the proper policy
prescription to to fix that? I mean, it
seems like policy makers now are wait
and see with really implementing any
stimulus. They pull back on fiscal
spending in March. Do you do you see
that they could actually be implementing
stimulus after these after these
numbers?
>> Um I I'm not so sure about that for now.
I think uh overall the stance still seem
to be uh uh played cautiously especially
we see that the debt issue start to
concern uh many other economies. Uh
China definitely want to have a more
organic recovery. So actually our base
case is no extra stimulus for the
economy for the time being uh unless
there's some surprise turn down the
road.
>> All right Jinglu always great to have
you Jinglu there. Greater China, chief
economist at HSBC Global Investment
Research. I just want to recap of course
it was in terms of the data a miss on
multiple fronts here today and it really
just adds to the more headwinds into
these markets when you take a look at
how the rest of the risk assets are
doing here and you are seeing Asia
Pacific lower by about 1%. Cosby at
least has turned positive. I think the
Samsung news and what we're hearing from
the labor unions and the company at
least have turned that stock a little
bit more on the positive side of things.
But you're still seeing a pretty deep
selloff here in Tokyo in Hong Kong.
Hangen is down about one and a half%. Uh
we've been tracking of course the the
Indonesia open as well. We're down 2 and
a.5%. The Rupia also at a record low as
those markets uh reopen. So certainly
we're watching FX given it seems like
dollar is reemerging once again as king
and you are seeing that across not just
EMFX but even when it comes to the yen
right 158 159 levels now we're getting
closer to the last time they intervened
even remb has weakened too and you look
at bonds that is really where the source
of pain starts when you're talking about
uh the 30-year yields or even just even
the 10-year that continues to see a
meltup 462 for your US 10ear the
Japanese 30-year yield is at levels that
we haven't seen uh since 1999. April,
>> yeah, inflation worries really playing
out across markets and of course we are
watching for the impact that that has
perhaps on the AI related rally, how
it's lost momentum. So, still ahead, AI
[music] will continue being in focus.
SP2 set to release quarterly earnings
today. We'll look at why the Chinese
tech [music] giant may suffer its
largest first quarter profit dip in
seven years. This is Bloomberg.
All right, continuing to track how the
spike in yields and the concerns about
inflation are playing out across global
debt markets. Certainly Japan and the US
have been in focus. You're also seeing a
bit of pressure on the 30 yield in China
which is interesting given the uh
numbers that we got out of the Asian
giant just at the top of this hour. It
doesn't look like reflation is stirring.
Take a look at the rest of the Asia
Pacific as well in terms of stocks. on a
day where the South Korean benchmark is
continuing to manage performance has
really erased the declines from the
start of the session on a day where of
course the AI rally seems to be bogged
down a little with these higher yields.
Our Asia equities managing editor
Leanting 2 is here. Uh Venting I mean
what do you make of these yields now
coming to the four for stocks after they
resisted that pressure for so long?
>> Exactly. So right now you're seeing that
really two obvious forces playing out in
the market right now. One is a continued
bullish case for AI stocks. The other is
the worries about bond yields, about
higher inflation, about oil prices. We
did a survey with 32 investment managers
globally last week and it turned out
they're still very much bullish on this
AI case, AI bullish case. Um 80% of the
poll folks that we spoke to believe that
equities will outperform any other asset
classes in the next 3 to six months. But
when it comes to risk factor, the
biggest risk, guess what? They're
talking about bond yields. Uh a lot of
them are pointing out if the 30-year
Treasury yields stay consistently above
5%. Uh they're going to expect that to
knock off the AI uh trade off the
course. And today as you just reported
that the US Treasury 30 yield uh yield
uh 30-year yield is at 5.15%.
So I think overall the narrative will be
probably leaning towards a bit cautious
side in the near term.
>> So against this backdrop do investors
see this selling as a as a buy
opportunity if at all? So a lot of
people are actually playing in the
derivatives market right now because it
is really hard to call whether the AI
trade will actually resurface as a
winning trade in the backdrop of higher
bond yields. So some of them are piling
into the so-called exotic options trade
called look back puts. Those are the
type of put options that can reset at
higher levels when the market rallies.
These are a little bit more expensive
but they outperform the plain vanilla uh
put options in the environment where
market rallies before it actually
plunges. Another options trade people
are looking at regardless of where the
cash market is going to go is the
so-called dispersion trade which is
betting on the high volatility on single
name uh single name stocks instead of uh
on index level because options uh sorry
volatility on index level may not be
high but because of the very
concentrated sort of trade in some of
the chip names the single name
volatility will very much likely to stay
very high for a long time. So that trade
will pay off regardless where the market
goes.
>> That's super interesting how traders are
finding new ways into this trade.
Lenting, thank you so much. Our Bloomber
managing editor, Leing, too. Now, we're
also watching out for what's to come
this week. We have those by two earnings
later today. In terms of the big one
that of course has become a macro event
for investors, it's Nvidia. We get that
in the middle of the week. And of
course, some Fed minutes as well to
contend with. This was the last one from
Jay Powell. And interesting how despite
Walsh is taking over the helm, you are
seeing markets still pricing in not rate
cuts, we're talking about rate hikes
now. Uh and of course following on from
producer inflation that was already hot
out of Japan last week CPI at the end of
the week. So a couple of things on the
table this week. Ivonne. Yeah, it'll be
interesting to see those those Fed
minutes whether we see any sort of
dissents and really what they're looking
at and what in terms of you know what
they do with inflation, right? Because
you know Kevin Walsh largely seen as in
some ways I maybe he has been talking
about in favor of rate cuts. Can he
still deliver that in the face of this
rising inflation fears out there? Bio
also set to report it largest first
quarter profit dip since 2019 today as
it faces pressure from price wars, weak
consumer sentiment and over supply
intelligence maintains that the
company's AI prospects remain overhyped.
Let's bring in Robert Lee, our senior
analyst. He joins us now. Okay, it looks
like another set of weak earnings for
BU. Do you see an inflection point
anytime soon?
>> Well, I guess the sell side has been
trying to call that for the best part of
two years. And just to quote a number
from the terminal, if you look at
consensus estimates, they've been
downgraded by 52% uh relating to the
year 2027 uh since March last year. So
in no way am I trying to, you know,
criticize former colleagues on the cell
side. It's not an easy job. Uh but this
sort of jam tomorrow argument keeps cut,
you know, has been the playbook for the
last two years and it's just not coming
through in the numbers. There are some
parallels between BU and Alibaba in that
their core business is under immense
pressure. So the majority of the
earnings downgrades relate to that. At
the same time, their AI investment spend
is going up and the rate of incremental
gains on the pure AI business are
certainly not high enough to offset the
pressure on the core business. So to
answer your question, no, not really. I
think the pressure unfortunately for
them, their core advertising business,
which is related to search ads because
BU is often referred to as the Google of
China, that will continue for the
foreseeable future. I'm afraid
>> uh everyone's been talking about what's
the next catalyst for for HStech and I
think people talked about deepseek right
this new V4 model uh there's actually
interesting really they're the first
frontier class Chinese AI model to break
a reliance on western hardware ranked
11th globally from by LiveBench what
what do you think of that
>> well I I guess they're delivering on you
know to use a UK expression it does
exactly what it says on the tin they're
looking for frontier model level
performance but with a real focus on
cost down and cost efficiency. So this
is without doubt one of the most cost
efficient models out there in the market
at the moment. That's reflected in their
extremely low API pricing which is
around an 80% approximately discount to
the western peers and they can afford to
offer those big discounts because it is
a very very costefficient model. There's
a real focus on cop cost optimization.
So whilst the performance may be
slightly outside the top 10. I mean 11's
still not bad. You're getting solid
performance at a very low price. And
really that defines China's push
globally in AI uh to lead on lowcost
implementation again as defined by the
government's strategy um to try and
accelerate the proliferation of AI
across the entire economy uh to look to
export markets later with a focus on low
cost.
>> This week is is all about Nvidia. It
seems like Jensen Huang returned from
China here a little bit empty-handed,
but earnings are coming up. Is that
going to be a catalyst? Well, going back
to your sort of prelude and talk about
the the risk appetite or lack of risk
appetite in markets given the backdrop
of rising yields. I think that will
determine everything. So, whilst the
headline numbers for video should be
solid, I mean this is what we normally
say, you know, you could almost
pre-record this and play it again next
quarter. They will be solid numbers, but
to what extent is that anticipated by
the market? Can they incrementally
outperform market expectations as time
goes on? that's harder and harder to do
with the backdrop of increasing risk
aversion with uh you know increasing
rates then the risk is you know we get
solid numbers uh no better than expected
and with the risk that we see profit
taking on the back of it.
>> Yep. Uh and yeah that 6 trillion market
cap we'll see if that that eases or
actually uh flames the bubble concerns
they're out there. Robert Lee thank you
our Bloomberg Intelligence senior
analyst joining us on what to expect
from BU and Nvidia all this [music]
week. We got plenty more to come. This
is Bloomberg.
Here are some of the stories we're
following. Standard Charted says [music]
it has appointed Manis Costello as its
next chief financial officer. This ends
a monthsl long search [music] to replace
Diego Georgie who left the bank in
February to join Apollo Global
Management. [music]
The bank says this week it'll unveil an
updated set of financial targets at an
investor event in Hong Kong. Another
[music] key appointment is Tanoj
Capilwami who took charge as the group's
chief operating [music] officer.
Chinese internet marketing service
provider [music] Deepzero is aiming to
raise 53 million Hong Kong dollars
through its IPO in the city. An exchange
filing shows it set a price range of up
to 55 Hong Kong dollar50 a share.
[music] Trading set to begin on May
27th. Ivon.
All right. Well, take a look when it
comes to markets [music] and the chip
space is looking a much brighter here
this morning. Look at Samsung
electronics here. the last couple hours
or so, we did get a little bit more
update about, [music] you know, the
labor union as well as the company here
is looking to, of course, continue on
with these talks here today. And
according to local reports, the court
partially [music] accepts Samsung's
injunction request. So things looking a
little bit more positive on the Samsung
side of things, that's lifting SKH
Highix and some of the chip space here
across the region with Huh [music] Semi
also up some 3 and a half%. HS Tech
though continue to see some pain here
this morning and we're watching Kioa
[music] as well when it came to their
earnings. Uh the guidance actually
didn't beat estimates here, but we're
not seeing that much movement here right
now. [music] We got plenty more to come.
This is Bloomberg.
[music]
It's 11:39 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese
markets [music] going on a break in a
minute. Of course, it's really been the
backdrop of the surge in yields,
particularly in the long end for the
30-year. You're looking at the highest
we've seen in Japan since the debut in
1999. On the 10 year, so not really
spared and at a time where the suspected
intervention from Japanese authorities,
look at how those gains that we saw a
couple weeks back on the yen has just
been eroded. You're looking at dollar
yen moving towards that 159 handle uh at
a time where investor concerns are
really front and center on oil prices on
inflation on whether the straight gets
reopened. Ivonne.
>> Yeah. And in Asia, you know, certainly
that that's where all that energy sort
of crisis remains, right? When you take
a look at what Japan, we have reports
talking about how they might have to do
spend more in this extra budget here as
they deal with this Middle East crisis.
And that's probably why you're seeing
long-end yields, not just in the JGB
market, but really regionally and
globally are heading higher here. So
certainly there's a concerns that it's
not just the oil hit, it's not just the
inflation hit, but there also is this AI
boom that is leading to a lot of
supercharged economies here as well that
could actually lead to maybe higher
yields, more inflation, and maybe
potentially more more rate hikes from
central banks across the region. April,
>> yeah, Ivon, there's a lot of red on the
board today. Let's get more with Brian
McCaffen, APEC deputy head of global
markets at BNP Pariba. He joins us from
the bank's global electric vehicle and
mobile mobility conference in Hong Kong.
So Brian, we want to talk a bit about
how perhaps as investors look for other
ways into frontier technology, it's not
just about AI, it's about robotics as
well, which I'm sure you have a lot to
say on, but talk to us about this macro
backdrop when inflation seems to be
really uh hitting stocks even in Asia
perhaps not so much for South Korea
today. Do you see more to come on that
front in terms of the risks?
>> Uh hey Averil, thanks for having me on.
Uh certainly yes. Uh behind me is um our
ongoing um EV and mobility conference.
We'll come back to that. Sure. The
backdrop around the world is focused on
inflation. Clients are very focused on
inflation and fiscal challenges. uh as a
as a secondary concern and yes, you can
see that playing out here in Asia. Um
it's a different story though in some
regards I think across across Asia um
where um where particularly in China uh
some of that inflationary concern is uh
is a little less negative uh than it is
perhaps in in other parts of the world.
So, I agree. We're certainly seeing, for
example, following the CPI numbers in
New York last week, um we saw bond
yields slipping further wider. Also in
in Japan, as you as you've highlighted,
um I think there's less pressure in
region. Um and I I think um certainly as
we look towards China, a little less
pressure than we might expect in other
parts of the world.
this do you think that I mean
expectations for hotter inflation are
sort of taking hold right now Brian I'm
just wondering this this higher yields
are we at this new range that's here to
stay or or do you think that you know
what we're seeing in inflation is is
still short-lived and we can get by once
the straight of horm reopens
>> it's it's it's hard to imagine that
inflationary pressures are going to be
shortlived anywhere Uh obviously the
longer the closure uh persists in the
Middle East um those inflationary
pressures are going to persist and uh as
as you've mentioned um they're having an
impact on global markets they're having
an impact here in region and uh I would
imagine that we're going to be talking
about inflationary pressures uh pressure
on regional currencies pressures on on
on various market bond yields. I think
that we're going to be uh we're going to
be talking about them uh for some time.
It's tough to say how long the current
impass will will last in the Middle
East. Huh. Um but for sure, as long as
that's uh looking less likely to resolve
than more, we're going to be talking
about inflation and the pressure on bond
yields. No question.
Brian, it's coming at a time where
investors are banking on this structural
shift in stock markets via AI trades and
as we were alluding to a short while
ago, they're looking to broaden out in
terms of say EVs as well on robotics,
frontier technologies.
Is there a read through from inflation
for those sectors or do you think the
structural trends uh will overtake?
Ail, I'm not going to necessarily talk
about the longerterm structural trends
specifically, but I am going to tell you
that behind me, we've um we've 400
investors uh many of whom come from uh
the region, but just as many have come
from outside the region, traveled here
to talk about the EV, mobility,
robotics, uh sustainable energy sector.
That's the business that we're uh we're
talking to behind us. And um and clearly
clients are interested in um in that
space. Um they're clearly looking to
invest in that space. And if you think
about it, um an energy crisis or at
least an energy impass such as we see
persisting in Hamus um is the perfect
backdrop for clients to come and learn a
little bit more about alternative energy
sources um and uh and alternative uh
renewables. and and and and that's at a
time when that's at a time when
obviously that's more important. It's
also true that this part of the world um
and certainly China, not just China but
this part of the world is a recognized
provider uh at the cutting edge of these
technologies. So I don't think it's a
surprise that clients would be joining
us here today. I don't think it's a
surprise that um investors are
interested in in hearing more about that
story at a time when the traditional
energy sector looks very very
challenged. So, if that's an indication
of the sort of appetite for structural
change that you uh that you reference, I
think uh the turnout that we have today
and and the topics that we're discussing
on the main stage, they seem to be very
very front and center for our clients
minds.
>> Brian, we we we've talked about foreign
investors have started to sell out or at
least net selling when it comes to
markets like Taiwan, like Korea, some of
these hardware sort of names within the
AI space. Well, how are investors that
you're talking to, how are they
repositioning around not just this AI
revolution, but also around the whole
renew renewable space? Now,
>> um clients are interested uh to add uh
and the uh the the the interest that
we're seeing here today is is uh is is
is on the uh on the buy side of that
equation. I think um the region is is is
very uh is very strong in offering um
investment opportunities in that space.
Again, particularly China, but not only
um and um and again the backdrop of the
current situation in the Middle East
seems to be providing an accelerant to
uh to clients that are interested. um
you know the uh the market here in Hong
Kong has has has offered clients an
opportunity to invest in in those names.
Um very recently we've seen a deal from
SIG Energy uh as you would know that
perform very very well. the debt capital
market um um pipeline seems to be very
robust here in in in the region and um
and um and and there's a lot of
opportunity I think for clients to uh to
look at um to look at acquiring further
in that space. It seems to be quite
robust. The interest seems to be pretty
high
>> on that front. Um you've just outlined
some of the outlook for ECM. Is there a
particular part of the EV supply chain
that you think investors or you're
advising investors to focus a bit more
on?
Well, we're here talking about uh the
whole spectrum um and our agenda is
covering everything from um batteries to
OEMs to um to the components and even
the robotics uh element of of that
landscape. we've we've robots wandering
around behind me shaking hands with with
clients and it's incredible how how fast
the uh the agility of those of those
robotics has come on um uh uh uh in the
in the last few years. So um the whole
sector seems to be benefiting from uh
from the backdrop in the Middle East to
be honest and it's also true that China
um as a market offers I think a lot of
diversification so clients can look at
the market through through uh through
China and and really find
diversification that isn't necessarily
um always available in every other part
of the the region. So, um I do think
there's a a recognition that the market
is deep there. Um there's an opportunity
for true diversification and you can
look at any of those sectors um that
you're interested in and and find a way
to play that uh that whole segment.
>> What about when it comes to debt capital
markets, especially given what we're
seeing in the bond markets? Is that the
same or similar assessment that you have
on the trajectory
I think the the the the debt capital
market proposition in Asia is is is
relatively um stable when compared to
the rest of the world. So although uh
you highlight slipping yields and
although you highlight the the the the
inflationary consequence on some of the
larger bond markets and sure we've seen
some volatility in region but again if
you take the uh the the the the Chinese
market here in region
it's relatively uh resilient um and um
policy is relatively uh well understood
and clear and So I would suggest the
volatility is a little less um a little
less uh of a concern to investors than
than um than you're seeing in other
parts of the world. So, um, when you
think of, um, when you think of the
investment needs that companies clearly
have in the region and you and you marry
that with what we're seeing behind us,
which is clients coming into the region
to look for opportunities to invest, um,
I I think you've got a stable value
proposition that companies are going to
take advantage of and investors are
going to look to uh look to uh look to
participate in. So it feels feels
relatively robust I think compared to
other parts of the world.
>> Brian, we got to leave it there, but
thanks so much for the time. Brian
McCaffen there of BMBB Paraba. I hope
you guys have a good rest of the
conference there and yeah, help us shake
one of those robots hands for us too.
Speaking of robots, [music]
robot Phoenix shares soaring on a train
today in Hong Kong. We have the chairman
Jang Sai joining us exclusively next to
talk about the company's [music] post
IPO plans. This is Bloomberg.
All right, we are taking a look at one
listing debut here today. It's Robot
[music] Phoenix. There you go. 83% gains
here the first day of trade and
certainly uh they are also really
interested in really what their plans
are going to be overseas markets
production numbers and the like
certainly going to be a big one here and
a big theme that we've been seeing uh
globally here where robotics seem to be
still that very hot trend when it comes
to AI and the like so yes it's
broadening beyond just the region's chip
makers here to tell us a bit more
exclusively is the company's chairman
Jang Sai Jong Sai thank you so much for
joining us I know you just came from the
exchange Yes.
>> Are you surprised by this sort of
turnout here?
>> Yes. Yes. For me, it is a great
surprise. I I didn't expect that it can
go this much. But I know people uh you
know we have gained over subscription.
Yes. So I think it's also beyond my
wildest expectations. Yes.
>> Um tell us a bit more about the business
model. Where where do things stand right
now? I mean in terms of the the real
world use of your robots. Can you tell
us a bit more about what the industrial
automation world looks like for you now?
Yes, I think the the China you know 14
years ago when I just started my company
um the China uh robotic players only
account for 3% of the market share
domestically. So uh at that trend you
know uh our robot companies highly
depended on the performance of our
downstream customers if they have a high
demand and we can go better. So at that
time the automation lines for car
industries it dominated the market. So
uh at at that time we have the big four
houses that that is ABB, FNUK uh Yasawa
and KUKA and they are specialized in the
car industries but nowadays uh
especially consumer electronics dominate
the market. So this give us a chance to
come up with the competitors and because
the requirement for the different
industries is quite different. So we
built more smarter, more faster, more
lighter and with more uh with higher
precision robots to use for the consumer
electronics. Uh so that's why we can
come up with the you know with the
foreign competitors and gain a market
share.
>> On the note on foreign competitors,
what's the international strategy
especially given some of these
geopolitical concerns in the backdrop?
Yeah, we I mean you know basically we
have two strate main strategies to go
into the international market. The first
one is to follow our big customers
because we have some already existed
customers in China like the lens go or
Foxcon this kind of customers and they
also have factories overseas and uh uh
normally when they you know expand their
foreign factories they will in uh they
will recruit their existing suppliers to
help them to build the automatic lines.
And the second one is to you know uh
hire some distributors in different
countries. We already have seven
existing distributors all across
Southeast Asia, Europe, North America,
Australia and etc. So and we will you
know uh use our 10% of our our net
proceeds to expand our network overseas.
So which will help us to you know uh
sell more robots into our foreign
customers.
One of our guests earlier highlighted
Malaysia, Thailand when they look at
Southeast Asia as markets. I wonder um
what is your sense of which pockets in
these markets have most uh potential for
your business to grow?
Uh yes we have already have uh many you
know uh customers in uh Vietnam,
Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia uh this
kind of and also Indonesia this kind of
southeast countries and uh normally we
our robots is helping the consumer
electronics lines and also the food and
beverage lines and also some uh daily
chemicals lines and we have just
launched an automatic warehouse in
Malaysia. which works very good and I
think uh since the Southeast Asia is
also the market of Southeast Southeast
Asia is also booming and which gave us a
better chance to help them you know
directly get into the auto automatic
line and escape the you know human
labors.
>> Yeah. Uh tell us a bit more about the
supply chain. I mean how dependent do
you think is China's robotics industry
to US technology components for example
when it comes to like sensors software
tools and the like
>> you know I uh you know I always think
you know the US uh talents have have
some gift to you know invent some you
know brand new things uh for example
start from this you know big data and
vra and they started in Silicon Valley
uh but but you know our Chinese people
also have the talents to you to
to scale it up, right? So, so we can we
can follow the trend and make our own
technique techniques. So,
>> how much of your supply chain is now
domestically based?
>> Uh, we we we are we can do 100
domestically based.
>> You can wow.
>> Um, in terms of just overall the the the
competitive landscape, right, there's so
many robotics companies coming through
here.
>> Yeah. I mean there's obviously the
humanoid space as well but everyone's
talking about hundreds of these sort of
companies that are emerging in in China.
Do you think it's it's a bit too
crowded? uh I think it's a normal you
know normal pattern you know and you you
can you can see in other industry this
is happens a lot right but time after
time uh there will be some dominant
players and there will be some merge and
acquires and also uh and I think uh you
know maybe in five or 10 years time
there will be some big players like the
you know past four big houses existing
in China and we are you know we are a
company focused on in the light industry
And we are an allincclusive robot body
and solutions suppliers and I think we
are on the right track and on the right
path. Maybe we hope we can become one of
the big players in here.
>> What about the path to profitability?
What does that look like for your
business?
>> Yes. And uh you know uh we have some
very crystal clear path to the
profitabilities. Uh the first one is to
uh increase the sales ratio of our robot
bodies. uh because we have many kinds of
robot bodies and the uh and the gross
profit margin for the robot bodies is is
better than the solutions and uh and
since we can sell more amount of our
robot bodies and we can benefit from the
economy of scales and also can improve
our uh uh uh uh and we can also build
our automatic lines which is use our
robots to build our robots. And uh the
second one is to increase the high tech
high-tech products. For example, uh our
semiconductor products is very is one of
the example. Uh we have uh launched a
whole series of our uh wafer handling
robots and all have the TUV uh
certificate of S2 uh certificate and
they have a better profit margin. And
the second the third one is to you know
go deeper into the foreign market and uh
to help the the overseas countries to
improve their automatic level and which
can which can give us a brand new
market.
>> You talked earlier about how your supply
chain can almost be 100% domestic. I
wonder how much are you expecting your
export numbers to account for the
business say 2 3 years from now what's
the ratio going to be like
>> uh you know uh last year uh 10% of our
revenues is acquired uh from the foreign
customers and we will increase the
number this year maybe let me guess
maybe increase by uh one or two% uh
maybe to our 12% of our revenues this
year will be coming from our overseas
customers.
>> Would you look into humanoid robots?
>> Yes, of course.
>> You're interested?
>> Yes, we have launched our humanoid
robots last year and we give we gave it
a name called whole gene. Yeah, it's a
whole you know whole new gene, right?
>> Whole new gene. I love it.
>> Yes, a whole whole gene. And our h our
humanoid robots can work side by side
with our traditional industrial robots
for because our industrial robots is can
do the fast and precise and rigid
things. But we also need some you know
versatiles and flexibilities and which
uh and and for this part humanoid can
add a better value for this part because
they can learn right they can only maybe
listening to an oral instructions or
maybe just mimic the performance of the
human beings. Yeah.
>> And can can do it by all. Yeah.
>> All right. Using robots to build robots.
I love it. Jungai, thank you so much for
joining us here. Jungai there, chairman
of Robot Phoenix Intelligent Technology
there. Uh, just listening today in Hong
Kong. Of course, you can rewatch that on
the Bloomberg video hub. You can check
it out at bloomberg.com/videos. [music]
This is Bloomberg.
Just want to recap that data dump that
we got from China [music] here. The
April activity numbers there were a bit
on the softer side of things. So retail
sales was only 0.2%
uh there. [music] in terms of industrial
production that also weakened to about
4.1% growth. So they talked to HSBC's
[music] Jungli, you know, there is a bit
of that Iran war impact that could be
showing in some of these numbers here as
well. But well, we'll see, right,
[music] if this actually marks some sort
of start of the trend, but too early to
tell. But right now, you're taking a
look at when it comes to risk [music]
assets here today, and it continues to
be. Dollar reigning high here with the
rest of EMFX [music]
uh seeing quite a bit of weakness there.
The rupia is at record lows. Dollar
China [music] is also weakening here at
682 levels here. HSI also lower by 1 and
a half%.
>> [music]
>> That's it for us here at the China Show.